Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
EPISODE 1
Are you kidding me right now?
Move your car! It's blocking the road!
Goodness gracious.
Jeez. just walk if you're in a rush.
I'm starving. When will the food be ready?
I know. It's taking so long.
When is our food going to be ready?
You're drunk!
What was that?
Damn it. What the hell?
Hey. you. Come here.
Damn it. it's broken.
Goddamn it. Come here.
Hey. I said come here!
Where the hell are you going?
Hey!
Who do you think you are?
Are you pulling
an insurance scam or something?
If you bump into someone's car.
you should be down on your knees
begging for forgiveness.
This needs to be replaced entirely.
I wonder how much it'll cost.
I think my arm is okay.
so you can just go.
Man. you're unbelievable.
I'm really okay. so you can leave.
Are you serious right now?
Have you lost your damn mind?
Do you have a death wish?
What?
What are you looking at?
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
It's too late for that.
Try running your mouth again.
Come on. let's get going. We're late.
Let's go.
Go on. then.
I'll accept your apology.
Let's call it even with this.
Wow. have you been working out these days?
-That was a nice punch.
-Is he dead?
-Should we cover him with a blanket?
-Goddamn it!
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Good morning!
I think you're missing a button.
-I don't think so.
-Are you sure?
Let me sweep this for you.
No. it's okay.
-Let me do it for you.
-Thank you.
YOUR CHILD'S REBELLIOUS PHASE
KIM MIN-JI
RESTRICTED AREA
Min-ji. wake up.
ENTER WITHOUT PERMISSION AND YOU'LL DIE!
Min-ji.
Kim Min-ji. you're late!
-It's time for break--
-Enough about breakfast!
Does anyone give you crap
if I skip breakfast?
Don't smile!
You're a student.
so you need a solid meal before school.
Kim Min-ji!
SCHOOL NOTICE
EMERGENCY CONTACT FORM
MOTHER: X
SIBLINGS: X
Hey. Min-ji.
I need the name of a close friend
and their phone number.
Kim Min-ji!
Kang Hye-ryeong.
Her number is 010-0610-6003.
I filled out the form.
Have some breakfast.
I'm late.
-Your report card…
-Don't look at that!
-Level eight? What happened?
-The higher the number. the better.
-Right?
-The rules have changed.
I told you before.
-Take it easy on the studying.
-Okay.
Kang…
Hye…
ryeong.
LAUNDRY
Min-ji!
-Hello.
-Hey.
How's your father doing?
-What do you mean?
-Well. the thugs…
Never mind.
By the way.
why don't you alter your uniform?
I'm an expert at altering. you know.
It's okay. I never know
when I'll be transferring again.
That's my bus.
What?
Have a good day.
Gosh. her uniform
is always perfectly pressed.
Mr. Kim!
Are you okay?
You seem okay.
I saw those thugs
provoking you that night.
I'm sorry I couldn't step in.
I'm quite the scaredy-cat. you see.
I would've done the same in your shoes.
Goodness. Mr. Kim.
You should really press your suit.
That's what a dry cleaner is for.
Come on. you live right above one.
That just hurts my pride.
I'll drop it off next time.
I'll press this for you in a jiffy.
Let's go inside.
-Come on.
-I have to catch the bus.
Let me press it for you.
Wait.
Mr. Kim.
Mr. Kim!
Jeez. Like father. like daughter.
They're exactly the same.
My sales pitch never works on them.
Wait!
Thank you.
Sorry. coming through.
Don't push!
Don't run. You'll get hurt.
SCHOOL VIOLENCE
DON'T STAND BY. PROTECT VICTIMS!
-Did you have breakfast?
-Yes. sir.
-Good morning. sir.
-Hey.
-You need to say hello like this.
-You're right.
SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK
Hello. Manager Kim.
You're first as always.
Hello.
SAVINGS BANK
LOAN APPLICATIONS & INQUIRIES
Customer number 155. please.
CORPORATE CARD CHARGES
SEOREUNG CO.. LTD. / CHINESE FOOD
REQUESTER: KANG HAK-SU
DIVISION: TREASURY
LEAVE REQUEST HISTORY
I've taken a look at your assets. and…
Sir.
What is it?
These are the corporate card charges.
You charged 95.000 won for Chinese food
the Wednesday before last.
So?
You were on leave that day
for your wedding anniversary.
The receipt is missing as well.
so maybe there was an oversight?
Kim. do you eat a lot of fish
for brain food?
Excuse me?
How is your memory so good?
Oh. well. I do try to eat a lot of fish.
I like mackerel in particular.
Stop eating mackerel and saury
and learn how to bend the rules instead.
Be flexible.
Just write it off
as a company dinner expense.
Yes. sir.
I'll write it off
as a company dinner expense.
Thank you so much
for remembering my wedding anniversary.
No problem.
Jeez. he's so frustrating.
PLEASE USE THE NEXT COUNTER
Let's call it even with this.
SELF-DEFENSE ITEMS
I have to pre-order and stand in line
just to get some dessert?
What time does this start?
-Mr. Kim.
-Jeez. you scared me!
What is it. Sang-a?
Is something wrong?
Why are you looking up self-defense items?
Oh. it's nothing.
Wait. are you going to use it at night…
on Mr. Kang?
Mr. Kang?
Of course not.
It's not that.
My neighborhood feels unsafe these days.
Hey. Sang-a.
This looks useful. right?
It's easy to carry around
and seems effective.
Is it for you?
I think it's for women.
Min-ji's birthday is coming up.
Oh. it's your daughter's birthday.
How old is she?
She's a high school junior.
A self-defense item
for a high school girl…
Why don't you just ask her what she wants?
I'd like to.
but she won't talk to me these days.
She just avoids me.
Sounds like she's going through
a late rebellious phase.
Don't worry so much.
They're all like that at that age.
Maybe things might be better
if her mom was around.
I'll help you choose a gift.
-Really?
-I'm going to the department store anyway.
Let's go together after work.
No. you don't have to do--
We'll leave at six o'clock sharp.
Hey. Kim Min-ji.
Min-ji.
Lend me your gym clothes.
Hye-ryeong. you didn't return them
the last time. so I had to track you down.
Come on. we're friends. I'm begging you.
What's this?
Thank you. I'll bring it right back.
Jeez. wash your clothes.
Hey. Ju Hye-ri. what's this?
My dad got it for me on his business trip.
It's so pretty.
-I've never seen this from this brand.
-Me neither.
It's not available in Korea.
It's limited edition.
Mine's just cheap fast-fashion.
I'm so jealous. Hye-ri.
Yeah. yours looks cheap.
Does it really?
-How much was it?
-It was 5.000 won.
What's with her?
Has she lost her mind?
Forget it.
Leave her alone.
You'll get that old widower reek on you.
Hey. it's Kim Nam-hoon.
He's not even trying to hide
that he's here to see Hye-ri.
Hye-ri. do you have a minute?
Hey. dude.
WOMEN
Hey. what flavor was that again?
Grape.
-Can I try it?
-No.
-Come on. let me hit it once.
-Smoke your own.
Okay. okay.
-One more puff.
-No.
-Let's swap.
-Come on. just for a day.
-I said no. I like this flavor.
Hey.
Damn. it reeks like an old widower here.
The cigarette smell on you is worse.
What did you just say?
I asked you a question.
Don't look at me like that.
I said don't look at me like that!
Hey!
That's enough.
Stop picking on that pathetic kid.
Why am I pathetic?
I mean. just look at you.
You're pathetic.
SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK
Mr. Kim!
-Hi. Sang-a.
-Let's go get your daughter's gift.
Did you mean it earlier?
Seriously? I'm hurt.
I mean. are you sure?
I don't want to be a nuisance.
If you don't want to. then no worries.
Goodbye.
Sang-a!
Wait.
Sang-a.
There it is.
PRE-ORDER LINE
-What the heck?
-Mr. Kim.
What's this?
-Give me your credit card.
-My credit card?
It'll only take longer if we go together.
You can wait in line here
while I buy your daughter's gift.
It's a win-win situation.
I texted you a screenshot
of my pre-order DM.
so you just have to pick it up
when it's your turn.
A screenshot?
Hold on.
I can't view photos on my phone.
How many zeros is this?
What? 500.000 won?
Next in line. please.
Oh. right.
I need to confirm your pre-order.
It's under Jung Sang-a.
Not the name.
I need to see the pre-order DM.
What's a DM?
If your pre-order isn't confirmed.
you'll have to move to the walk-in line.
WALK-IN LINE
But she said she pre-ordered--
-Next in line. please.
-Jeez. come on.
Here.
Okay. you're all set.
Thank you.
Come on. Mr. Kim.
It's your daughter's birthday.
I'm sorry. but I'd like a refund.
Just a minute. please.
I stay on top of current trends. you know.
This is the trend these days.
Just trust me and buy it.
My daughter is in high school.
It makes no sense for a high schooler
to wear a T-shirt that costs 500.000 won.
-Refund. please.
-Yes. it's expensive.
But this is the secret weapon
to get through her rebellious phase.
Imagine the worst-case scenario.
"Worst-case"?
"As my dad.
what have you ever done for me?"
If she says that. it'll be the end
of your father-daughter relationship.
You need to do something big
to prepare for the worst-case scenario
and say something back to her.
"I bought you a 500.000 won T-shirt!"
Something like that.
This is super popular
among kids these days.
She'll think. "My out-of-touch dad
is actually pretty cool."
I bet she'll look at you differently.
Min-ji. I'm home.
When did you get home?
What are you doing?
Kim Min-ji.
I'm talking to you.
Don't wash your clothes with mine anymore.
They make mine smell like an old man.
All right.
Then from now on.
do your own laundry.
JU HYE-RI
PEOPLE TAGGED IN THIS PHOTO
KIM NAM-HOON
Wait. why can't I unlike this?
Who are you?
Oh gosh.
Dad.
Go to sleep in your room.
What is it. Min-ji?
I said go to sleep in your room.
Right.
Dad.
Yeah?
About what I said earlier…
I forgot to do the dishes.
You can do it in the morning.
Just go sleep.
Okay. You should go to bed too.
Good morning!
I think you're missing a button.
You sure it's okay?
DOWON LAUNDRY
What's gotten into her?
All right. then.
I'll make Min-ji's favorite.
Soy sauce egg rice.
-Hey!
-I need my gym clothes.
Did you see the look on her face?
-Hye-ryeong. wake up.
-What is it?
I have PE next period.
Where are my gym clothes?
I gave them back to you.
When? I never got them.
I left them on your desk.
Hurry up.
Hey. Min-ji.
Check the trash can.
KIM MIN-JI
Did you see the look on her face?
I just played volleyball.
so it'll smell like sweat.
What?
Five-on-five match in ten minutes!
The losing team will clean for a month.
Min-ji.
Kim Min-ji. come here.
Why are you only wearing
half of your gym clothes?
Are you going to play basketball
in a skirt?
-I forgot.
-"Kim Nam-hoon"?
Nam-hoon didn't lend you his pants?
All right. double punch! One!
-Taekwon!
Two!
Now. triple punch! One!
-Taekwondo!
Two!
Back to ready!
Kicking stance. ready!
One!
Two!
Proper mind!
Nice!
Proper body! Nice.
Proper posture!
Proper…
Whatever!
I wasn't done.
That's it for today.
Let's go play!
Come on.
It's okay.
My goodness.
I can't tell if this is a Taekwondo studio
or a daycare center.
Jin-cheol. why would you…
Jeez. Jin-cheol.
What's the matter with you?
Jin-cheol!
Hey.
Who asked that person to help out?
No one did.
Let's cross the road!
Come on. kids. Let's cross now!
-You can cross the road.
-Go slowly.
Cross the road. kids!
I said cross the road!
Go ahead. What's wrong?
Why aren't you crossing?
-Mommy. I'm scared!
-Are you scared of the cars?
Goodness. let me help you.
-Here we go.
-Let's go!
All right.
Oh my!
My goodness. sir!
Where are you going?
Over there?
Got it! All right.
-Let's go!
-Wait!
-Is he stealing the cart?
-Surely not. He's probably just helping.
I have to go this way!
No!
It's this way!
How wonderful is it
to be needed
and to help others?
In these dark and rough times.
I will be a positive force
and a guiding light.
You did well today. Park Jin-cheol.
KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
Copy that. Start operation.
Unit 911. fall back. I'm taking the lead.
Grenade out.
Out of the way. That's it!
Get out of the way. That's it.
Act like true Marines!
Grenade out! Fall back!
Bomb!
PURE TAEKWONDO
Retreat! Fall back!
Don't come out! Move aside!
Hey! Didn't you hear what I just said?
Get them!
I'll do it!
Oh. damn it.
Hold on.
Did you hear something?
Don't make any footsteps.
What's that noise? A bomb. It's a bomb!
Hey.
You were in here?
Man. all I did was kick in a door.
and now my leg hurts.
Gosh. it hurts.
What are you looking at?
Why aren't you greeting your senior?
You crazy little…
Don't you know how to knock?
Why did you kick my office door
like a donkey?
Is this my doorknob?
I did knock. 12 times.
You didn't hear me because of your game.
A Taekwondo master like you
should have better manners.
Jeez!
Everybody. fall in.
What are you. a kid?
This is an important battle. okay?
You want to end up like that door?
Kim should be getting off work now.
Hurry up and go before I smash that.
What does him getting off work
have to do with me?
Today's the one day out of the year
we get together!
That's today?
Seriously. it's today?
Oh man.
I must be getting old.
It slipped my mind.
Come on. Let's go see how much he's aged.
Goodness gracious.
Hey. what are you going to do about this?
Huh?
Just stick it back in.
"Just stick it back in"?
I can just stick it in?
All right.
It's nice and cold. Drink up.
Yeah. give me soju.
Right here.
That white Taekwondo uniform
is getting on my damn nerves.
It's embarrassing.
Go sit over there alone.
I came straight here
after dropping the kids off.
Don't flip the meat yet.
You're one to talk.
Take a look at yourself.
Are you going on a mission after you eat?
Hey. what's wrong with this?
You embarrassed?
Who looks more ridiculous
between the two of us?
I just need to take off my jacket.
Wow.
Look. it's Da-bin. Say hello.
-Hi.
I wear this because I miss my daughter.
She's out and about all the time.
so I never get to see her.
But if I look in the mirror. I can say.
"Hey. look who it is.
It's my daughter. Da-bin!"
"It's me. your dad. Good to see you."
"So. are you coming home today?"
Da-bin seems embarrassed by you.
She can't hold her head up.
Let me help her with that.
Hey.
You're reminding me of the door.
Do you need me
to put you in your place again?
The meat is burning.
You're ridiculous.
No answer or anything. He just walks by.
-Seriously?
-Here.
-All right. all right.
-Let's drink.
-Cheers.
I wonder who Tae-hun takes after
to be so rude.
-You.
Right. I'm rude.
These drinks taste bittersweet tonight.
But you know what?
Raising Da-bin is what keeps me going.
You know. I may not be as strong
or as successful as before.
but I like my life right now.
-You punk.
-But I have to say.
Da-bin grew up too quickly.
She was such a cute little baby.
but now that she's in high school.
she refuses to listen to me.
Soon enough. she'll meet someone
and get married. right?
And we'll grow further apart. right?
That just…
Just thinking about it breaks my heart.
Da-bin.
Please don't leave me.
You're not a fool for your daughter.
You're just a fool.
I have to go.
-Already?
Min-ji's alone.
Hey. she might not like it
if you always rush home early.
Don't drink too much and go home.
-What's this?
-Give it to your kids.
-Jeez. come on.
-You shouldn't have.
-Hey. hold on.
-Wait a minute.
Just sit down for a bit. Two more minutes.
Don't be so cold.
You didn't have to.
Hey. Da-bin.
Your uncle gave you pocket money.
-Listen. Kim.
-You should thank him.
Let's see each other more often. okay?
Seriously. once a year? That's ridiculous.
If we meet once a year.
-that's only 35 more times at best.
-That's true.
I understand the decision you made
after your wife passed away.
but you need to live your own life too.
When will you stop making your daughter
the sole focus of your life?
-Min-ji's grown up now.
-He's right.
She'll have a boyfriend soon too.
She's still a kid.
The more you hover over your kids.
the more suffocated they'll feel.
Stop being so damn annoying!
Come on. can't we have a quiet meal?
He's pissing me off!
-Can you just put out your cigarette?
-Why?
This is a terrace!
Why do I have to put it out?
There are other customers here.
What other customers? Who?
Who?
-Stop staring.
-What are you looking at?
What? You pissed off?
He must be really pissed.
What?
Don't. This has nothing to do with us.
We're middle-aged men
who tolerate injustice.
We're no longer young.
We're just middle-aged men with glasses.
Right?
We already paid. so let's go.
Come on.
Get up.
Hey. grunt! Where are you going?
-Enough already.
-Let go of me.
You off to scrub the slop bucket?
Jin-cheol. You remember. right?
Right.
We're just middle-aged men with glasses.
What? You scared?
You were glaring at me earlier.
Get over here. you asshole!
Hey. grunt. Why don't you do some drills?
Come on. give me 20 reps.
One. two!
What's that?
This is embarrassing. Who's this?
She's pretty!
How cute.
Why don't you introduce me to her?
I'll treat her really well.
Rock and roll!
Jin-cheol.
What the hell?
You fat pig!
Hey. pig. get up.
Let me borrow your bag.
Kim. shouldn't we stop him?
Where did he go?
Did you see a tall guy with glasses
in a depressing black suit?
A tall guy.
Hey. Kim…
Fine. just go.
Is this the police?
There's a fight going on right now.
Yes. a serious fight. Someone might die.
Please hurry!
No. no. You're dead if you use that.
No. don't do that.
He should run. Is he frozen or something?
Stop.
Stop!
Officer. shoot something!
-Shoot your gun!
-Gun?
Shoot something! Anything! Hurry!
Hurry!
Whose jacket is this? "Kim Nam-hoon"?
-What are you doing?
-Who's Kim Nam-hoon?
I don't know.
What's the matter with you?
Have a good day.
Min-ji's grown up now.
He's right.
She'll have a boyfriend soon too.
Does she have a boyfriend?
Hey.
Do you know where Kim Nam-hoon is?
I'm not sure.
I need to give this back.
-You could've left it on my desk.
-What?
You were looking for me. right?
Oh. I just wanted to thank you.
-That's it?
-Well…
I can give you this.
Really? Strawberry milk?
What am I. a kid?
You're the one who liked my post. right?
What?
I'm not on social media.
Oh. yeah?
Then what's this?
KIM NAM-HOON
I can DM you. right?
Yeah.
Never mind. You should DM me first.
Hey.
But you have to DM me back.
I'll think about it.
-Why? What's there to think about?
-What?
Why can't I think about it?
You can't do that.
You told me to DM you first.
Come out. Hye-ri wants to see you.
Get up.
You know why I hit you. right?
Hye-ri asked you a question. Answer her.
You still don't know?
You hit on Hye-ri's boyfriend.
you sly bitch.
I never did that.
All I did was return his gym clothes.
Why did you borrow them
in the first place?
Who do you think you are?
Why didn't you wear
your own goddamn gym clothes?
Because you guys threw them in the trash.
Don't worry.
I have no reason to contact him.
I don't want anything to do with you.
Hey. it seems like you're mistaken.
I'm not pissed
because you tried to take my toy.
It's because of your stench.
I'm pissed because it'll rub off on him.
She has no idea.
Grab her.
Get up.
How do I describe this smell?
It's like a cheap suit
shoved in the back of a closet…
Oh. I know.
It's the smell of a motherless child.
Hey.
-You think you know me?!
-You crazy bitch!
Who do you think you are?!
Who do you think you are? Huh?!
-Hye-ri. are you okay?
-Who the hell do you think you are?!
Hey!
You think you know me so well?!
-What the hell do you know?!
-Get off her!
-Get off her already!
-Stop!
It wasn't just a fight.
It was an assault. Mr. Kim.
Min-ji just attacked her.
I'll be right there.
Please hurry.
I'm about to lose my job.
Why did it have to be Hye-ri?
The victim's father is the chairman
of Juhak Construction.
You've heard of them. right?
You built this hotel as well.
didn't you. Chairman Ju?
Yes.
My daughter had graduated
from elementary school.
so it was about four years ago.
Oh. you have a daughter.
She must be pretty if she takes after you.
You're too kind.
Anyway. this is the first time
I've had a meeting in a spa.
There's no need to watch what we say
or hide anything here.
All right. then.
Let me ask you point-blank.
What's in it for me
if this redevelopment plan goes through?
It'll provide a better living environment
for your constituents.
And?
It'll create
a much more favorable environment
for your political fundraising.
Twice as much as last time.
All right. Let's do this together.
There must be something in the water.
I feel refreshed to my very core.
I should get going now.
Please take your time.
Goodness. Chairman Ju.
What happened to your body?
Oh. it's not a pretty sight. is it?
I got some tattoos on a whim
when I was younger.
but I regretted them
after I started my business.
I was ashamed to show my daughter too.
So I just burned them off myself
with a torch.
With a torch?
Why didn't you go to a hospital?
I guess it was a pledge
not to go back to my old life.
But still. it must've been very painful.
It was nothing compared to what I've done
to make it this far.
It was more painful…
for those who didn't keep
their promises with me
and disappeared as a result.
I'm counting on you. Assemblyman Sim.
Right. yes. of course.
Sir. your wife is calling.
-What is it?
-Honey. something terrible happened.
Hye-ri…
Hye-ri was assaulted by someone at school!
Okay.
Let's go to Hye-ri's school.
Yes. sir.
You can't go in.
The chairman asked me to come. asshole.
Hey. Nam.
What's the matter with them?
Be quiet.
The chairman is inside.
You told me to come.
So I came.
There's been a change of plans.
I'll get back to you.
Am I some lapdog
you can just order around?
I thought you knew already.
No. I didn't.
I didn't know that.
This lapdog is leaving.
Goddamn it.
When in the world is he arriving?
Let's go. Hye-ri.
How dare he make us wait?
Sit down.
We should at least talk to him.
What took you so long?
How on earth did you raise your child
for her to act this way?
Just look at my child!
How can I send her to school now?
Why won't you look at her?
Take a good look at her!
I'm sorry.
I've only heard about
school violence and bullies.
I had no idea Hye-ri was in the same class
as someone like her!
Dad. I didn't do anything wrong.
She and her girls kept harassing me.
I took it for as long as I could
before fighting back!
Kim Min-ji.
Be quiet.
But she hit me first!
Don't you believe me?
Min-ji.
Mr. Kim. I think you should
come to an agreement with the victim.
No. forget it.
I demand a disciplinary hearing.
and I want this on her record.
Dad!
Don't you have any pride at all?
I'm sorry.
I've fallen short as a parent
since I'm raising her alone.
As a fellow parent raising a daughter.
I ask that you find it in your heart
to forgive us.
I'll take responsibility as her father.
and have her transferred.
Dad!
As a fellow parent raising a daughter.
you say?
Right.
It's not easy raising a daughter.
Especially on your own.
It must've been hard
growing up without a mother.
It's natural for kids to fight
while growing up.
We received an apology.
so let's settle this matter
with her transferring.
-Dad!
-Honey!
We'll leave it at this.
Thank you.
Min-ji.
Kim Min-ji.
KIM NAM-HOON
What does her father do?
I believe he's an ordinary office worker.
Thank you for your leniency. Chairman Ju.
Thank you. This will never happen again.
Of course.
Because if something like this
happens again.
this school and all of you will disappear.
Min-ji.
Are you hungry?
Should we go eat?
Min-ji.
Kim Min-ji.
Why won't you believe me?
Of course. I believe you.
Then why do I have to transfer?
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why did you have to grovel and kneel?
Is it because Hye-ri's dad
is a powerful man?
I'm so ashamed.
I feel so angry. frustrated. and pathetic.
What have you done with your life?
Her dad's a rich chairman
with lots of connections.
but why are you a lowly office worker?
Why did you even have me?
Min-ji.
As my dad…
As my dad. you mean the world to me.
I don't have a mom.
You're all I have left.
but if you're not on my side…
They're the bad ones.
You. of all people. should've believed me.
Let's go home.
I don't want to be with you.
I'm staying at Hye-ryeong's tonight.
so don't call me.
If you do.
I'll run away from home.
Min-ji.
It's your birthday tomorrow.
Kim Min-ji!
I hate my birthday.
It's the day Mom died.
THE LATE IM YU-JIN
These flowers are my favorite.
They're called honeysuckles.
The meaning behind them is pretty too.
Do you know what it is?
What is it?
Love and…
-devotion.
-Devotion.
I'm sorry. Yu-jin.
I have something to tell you.
I'll be at the back gate at school.
I'll wait until you get here.
DAD
The person you are trying to reach
is unavailable. You will be redirected…
I don't want to be with you.
I'm staying at Hye-ryeong's tonight.
so don't call me.
If you do.
I'll run away from home.
The phone you are calling is turned off.
You will be redirected to voicemail.
Hello?
Is this Kang Hye-ryeong?
Yes. Who is this?
I'm Min-ji's dad.
What? How did you know my number?
Min-ji told me.
Hye-ryeong. by any chance.
were you with Min-ji last night?
No.
Then have you heard from her at all?
I'm hanging up now.
Hey. I'm Min-ji's dad.
Have you seen her?
No. she hasn't come to school yet.
Kim Nam-hoon?
Did you meet Min-ji yesterday?
I didn't send her that DM.
hey were these thugs…
I only heard something
about the back gate.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't do anything
because they took my phone.
How on earth did you raise your child
for her to act this way?
We just have to act like
we don't know anything.
I told everyone to keep quiet.
so don't worry.
-But you never know.
-Just trust me.
You know I'm not some low-life thug.
Hey. it's all clean now.
See? Even the weather is on our side.
If someone reported it.
the cops would be here already.
Nobody will find her.
And you said her dad's a loser. right?
-Can I ask a question?
-Damn it. you scared me!
I'm Min-ji's dad.
We don't know where she is.
so just go on your way.
I never said I was looking for her.
This is your hair tie. right?
It was on the ground.
I said go on your way
unless you want your ass kicked!
-It's yours. right?
-Goddamn it.
Look at you.
-You're dead meat.
-I'll ask you one last time.
-Where's Min-ji?
-Hey. old man.
What do you think?
Huh?
Is it clocking to you that you're screwed?
Who the hell do you think you are?
You think you're special?
Show me. then.
Take off your clothes and fight.
Want me to take it off for you?
Let me go!
Put down the gun.
Let me go.
Discharge me right now!
You can't discharge him.
You know as well as I do. sir.
No one can ever know he exists.
Codename 66.
A North Korean operative who defected
and was recruited
by South Korean intelligence.
He acted as a double agent
on five occasions
and has been credited with
17 infiltration missions in the North.
He led the assassination operation
targeting North Korea's supreme commander.
prompting China and Russia
to assign teams to track him.
What the hell?
Discharging someone like him
is unthinkable.
If the North finds out he's still alive.
his existence alone…
will cause a diplomatic crisis.
Tell me.
Where's Min-ji?
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
-The law?
-Who the hell are you?
I guess…
I'll just be a middle-aged outlaw.
The government denies
Agent Kim's existence.
Arm the infiltration team.
Hey. mister!
Is that bastard sleeping right now?
In this situation?
I'm only keeping you alive
because I believe my daughter is.
-Daddy!
-Is that you. Min-ji?
I took care of the girl's body.
Subtitle translation by: Jenny Kim
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org